docs(quota plugins): note on quotas for internal users (#10803)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/managing/proc-setting-broker-limits.adoc

* CPU utilization limits for each client can be set as a percentage of the network threads and I/O threads on a per-broker basis.
* The number of concurrent partition creation and deletion operations (mutations) allowed per second can be set on a per-broker basis.

When using the default Kafka quotas plugin, quotas are applied to all users. 
This includes internal users such as the Topic Operator and Cruise Control, which may impact their operations.
To avoid unduly limiting internal users, consider tuning the quotas effectively.

> For example, configuring a controller mutation rate quota may result in the Topic Operator being throttled during topic creation or deletion operations.

Reviewer: Is this a warning about how the Kafka quotas plugin automatically sets a quota for the TO user, affecting things like the controller mutation rate? If so, could we say something like: "For example, the quota automatically applied to the Topic Operator by the Kafka quotas plugin could choke the controller mutation rate resulting in" ... and "Therefore, it is important to understand the minimal quotas required by Topic Operator to function properly and set the quota explicitly to avoid such issues"

* CPU utilization limits for each client can be set as a percentage of the network threads and I/O threads on a per-broker basis.
* The number of concurrent partition creation and deletion operations (mutations) allowed per second can be set on a per-broker basis.

.Impact on internal users

> When using the default Kafka quotas plugin, quotas are applied to all users, including internal users such as the Topic Operator or Cruise Control. 
> This means that internal users can hit the set quotas, potentially affecting their operations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the default Kafka quotas plugin, quotas are applied to all users. 
Users include internal users such as the Topic Operator or Cruise Control, potentially affecting their operations. 
```
maybe???

Author: I've updated along these lines. I like that clearer leading sentence.

* CPU utilization limits for each client can be set as a percentage of the network threads and I/O threads on a per-broker basis.
* The number of concurrent partition creation and deletion operations (mutations) allowed per second can be set on a per-broker basis.

.Impact on internal users
When using the default Kafka quotas plugin, quotas are applied to all users. 
This includes internal users such as the Topic Operator and Cruise Control, which may impact their operations.

Unlike the Strimzi Quotas plugin, where internal users can be excluded using the `excludedPrincipals` option, the Kafka quotas plugin does not provide an exclusion mechanism.

> To avoid unduly limiting internal users when using the Strimzi Quotas plugin, consider tuning the quotas effectively.

Reviewer: In this line, is it supposed to be `Kafka quotas plugin` instead of  `Strimzi Quotas plugin`?

In the previous line we mention `Strimzi Quotas plugin` has an `excludedPrincipals` option that can be used, so we could use that instead of having to tune the quotas effectively. The tuning would need to be done for  `Kafka quotas plugin` because it doesn't have an exclusion mechanism

Author: Yes! Fixed

> To avoid unduly limiting internal users when using the Strimzi Quotas plugin, consider tuning the quotas effectively.

Reviewer 3: @PaulRMellor I do not think you should pull the Strmzi Qoutas Pluing in here at all:
* They are not different implementations of the same. They are two different plugins with completely distinct goals and features.
* The Strimzi Qouta Plugin can exclude the users, but:
    * That does not help you here because you use the Kafka plugin if you are reading this
    * It has the internal users excluded automatically, so it has no relevance to the topic.

Maybe this is even more confusing by not using proper chapter structure here? We have `.Quota plugins`, `.strimzi plugin`, `.kafka plugin`, and `.Impact on internal users` which are on the same level.  These should be probably proper section headers with `==` or `===` to make it clear what belongs to what?

Author: Right. It's over-complicating it and introducing something we don't need to.
If we include proper headings here, we're separating the content from the steps. We don't have headings inside procedures. So to keep things self-contained and to a minimum,  I've reduced down to just the two plugins and kept this info with the Kafka plugin.

Cruise Control and its metrics reporter also require sufficient produce and fetch rates to conduct rebalances, depending on the scale and configuration of the Kafka cluster.
To prevent issues for Cruise Control, you might start with a rate of at least 1 KB/s for its producers and consumers in small clusters, such as three brokers with moderate traffic, and adjust as needed for larger or more active clusters.

Unlike the Strimzi Quotas plugin, where internal users can be excluded using the `excludedPrincipals` option, the Kafka quotas plugin does not have an exclusion mechanism.

> If you want to avoid unduly limiting internal users, consider tuning the quotas effectively or using the Strimzi Quotas plugin where exclusion is possible.

Reviewer 3: While the line 58 is correct, the Strimzi Quota plugin cannot do what the Kafka quota plugin does. So I think this is not a valid advice.

Author: Thanks @scholzj. I've removed the part about switching plugin and changed the order, which makes more sense now.
